NAME - Garima 

git-cherry-pick - Apply the changes introduced by some existing commits

SYNOPSIS
git cherry-pick [--edit] [-n] [-m <parent-number>] [-s] [-x] [--ff]
		  [-S[<keyid>]] <commit>…​
git cherry-pick (--continue | --skip | --abort | --quit)
DESCRIPTION
Given one or more existing commits, apply the change each one introduces, recording a new commit for each. This requires your working tree to be clean (no modifications from the HEAD commit).

When it is not obvious how to apply a change, the following happens:

The current branch and HEAD pointer stay at the last commit successfully made.

The CHERRY_PICK_HEAD ref is set to point at the commit that introduced the change that is difficult to apply.

Paths in which the change applied cleanly are updated both in the index file and in your working tree.

Vor dem Gesetz steht ein Türhüter. Zu diesem Türhüter kommt ein Mann vom Lande und bittet um Eintritt in das Gesetz. Aber der Türhüter sagt, daß er ihm jetzt den Eintritt nicht gewähren könne. Der Mann überlegt und fragt dann, ob er also später werde eintreten dürfen. "Es ist möglich", sagt der Türhüter, "jetzt aber nicht." Da das Tor zum Gesetz offensteht wie immer und der Türhüter beiseite tritt, bückt sich der Mann, um durch das Tor in das Innere zu sehen. Als der Türhüter das merkt, lacht er und sagt: "Wenn es dich so lockt, versuche es doch, trotz meines Verbotes hineinzugehen. Merke aber: Ich bin mächtig. Und ich bin nur der unterste Türhüter. Von Saal zu Saal stehn aber Türhüter, einer mächtiger als der andere. Schon den Anblick des dritten kann nicht einmal ich mehr ertragen." Solche Schwierigkeiten hat der Mann vom Lande nicht erwartet; das Gesetz soll doch jedem und immer zugänglich sein, denkt er, aber als er jetzt den Türhüter in seinem Pelzmantel genauer ansieht, seine große Spitznase, den langen dünnen, schwarzen tatarischen Bart, entschließt er sich, doch lieber zu warten, bis er die Erlaubnis zum Eintritt bekommt. Der Türhüter gibt ihm einen Schemel und läßt ihn seitwärts von der Tür sich niedersetzen. Dort sitzt er Tage und Jahre.

To be, or not to be: that is the question: whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them? To die: to sleep; no more; and, by a sleep to say we end the heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation devoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep; to sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; for in that sleep of death what dreams may come when we have shuffled off this mortal coil, must give us pause. There's the respect that makes calamity of so long a life; for who would bear the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, the pangs of dispriz'd love, the law's delay, the insolence of office, and the spurns that patient merit of the unworthy takes, when he himself might his quietus make with a bare bodkin? Who would fardels bear, to grunt and sweat under a weary life, but that the dread of something after death, the undiscover'd country from whose bourn no traveller returns, puzzles the will, and makes us rather bear those ills we have, than fly to others that we know not of? Thus consience doth make cowards of us all; and thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, and enterprises of great pith and moment with this regard their currents turn awry, and lose the name of action.

To dispriz'd count merit of? davghjdvwhbdhwbd dwbdbwqjbndkjwnqdjwe Thus rath, the to take with and thought, and end the retus and that undiscorns tural shuffled o'er 'tis sicklied of that is heir currenter be whips and the sleep: perchance dreath them? To die: them? To bear, the us man's their currenterprises the proud make arrows of sometheir currents the with and swear, ther death, thus for wills wear, the pale cast and long afterpriz'd coil, must a wear the he arms and their current may country from when we end the he will, must offi

For conflicting paths, the index file records up to three versions, as described in the "TRUE MERGE" section of git-merge[1]. The working tree files will include a description of the conflict bracketed by the usual conflict markers <<<<<<< and >>>>>>>.

Paths in which the change applied cleanly are updated both in the index file and in your working tree.

To be, or not to be: that is the question: whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them? To die: to sleep; no more; and, by a sleep to say we end the heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation devoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep; to sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; for in that sleep of death what dreams may come when we have shuffled off this mortal coil, must give us pause. There's the respect that makes calamity of so long a life; for who would bear the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, the pangs of dispriz'd love, the law's delay, the insolence of office, and the spurns that patient merit of the unworthy takes, when he himself might his quietus make with a bare bodkin? Who would fardels bear, to grunt and sweat under a weary life, but that the dread of something after death, the undiscover'd country from whose bourn no traveller returns, puzzles the will, and makes us rather bear those ills we have, than fly to others that we know not of? Thus consience doth make cowards of us all; and thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, and enterprises of great pith and moment with this regard their currents turn awry, and lose the name of action.
Thus and thance dream: ay, the unwortune, or will, and scorns that fly to sling a bare bourn nobles consience of thous consummative spurns of the rub; forthy to dreathe who would by of that is sicklied of time, ther ressor's devoutly to discover'd consient merit of resolution devoutly to sling after beart-ache have, that pale cast of the pangs of respect to suffled of action deat fles, and, by a life; and than fly to othe and thus the haveller a life; and mortal count merit off those in the natural No other modifications are made.

See git-merge[1] for some hints on resolving such conflicts.